**Comparison between a custom DTD and TEI_all**  
For the first assignment, my approach was to develop layers of knowledge attached to a very scholarly text. As the letters encoded followed a very traditional form, i did not give much matter to formal or display focused encoding. TEI made me focus much more on that point, as i had to take care of paragraphs, addresses, closings or highlighted phrases in the layout, some important data came to my mind. For instance a title specially displayed in the text should not be encoded the same way as a referenced title in the middle of a paragraph.  
Though I generally decided to match the spirit of my DTD, as it incorporated items closely related to TEI, I decided to extend the richness of it, by following some new possibilities. I found useful to be able to create authority lists that gave a more powerful way of navigating through the text’s cultural references. I also extended much more the metadata included in my work, giving much information about the context of it.  

**Observed pros and cons**  
TEI_all gave on the one hand a great place for metadata, that permitted a much finer description of the sources and the encoding. Moreover, the structure of these metadata made clearer the hierarchy between the manuscripts, the edited version and my encoded version of the text, explaining as well how they are linked together. Another great opportunity given by TEI_all was the externalized sections, making the code more digest.  
On the other hand i have been very frustrated not to find a way to get automatic and exclusive lists, giving a closed attribute choice for persName for example, making it mandatory to add new names to the external authority list, something that will certainly be customizable.
